we've minded tickets to Jess we got the
rerun shine crew for the guy often come
on shot
Jonnie words beside the sandtown yet his
back spiked he was talking trash about
to hear a video you reckoned you're an
actor and an actor I mean that you don't
fart real or not I did not I said secret
actor I did it I didn't say everything
I'm not getting that puppy yes you're
Tony Baggins things you like to get a
piece of our men yeah
yes sit down give us a look at tinier
hey I got to go to a break after the
break I can tell you right now and
turning out the matching band time up in
shine big teeth profit coming up next on
The Footy Show
gentleman in about expected to last no
longer than 60 seconds
we have fighting out of the blue corner
from Orlando Florida the undefeated
undisputed weighing in even 210 pounds
and Tonio magic punto bah
163 centimeters 172 pounds I never
fought never won have a rotten Victoria
shine expecting to the man you'll be
keeping this bout clean Harry
Gary blood probably come together what
where is this guy click down up thank
you rod I come together
Oh what I want from you is a clean fight
all right don't go silly this man's
about to fight for world championship
what I want from you Antonia please to
punch him hard really really hard in the
head oh really
let's go to see I'm shakin this is he
keys over here we go shine crawford
fancies himself
oh nice rod he did he he was aa
right right uh my thoughts it's tighter
than my my score it evenly did
Oh
20 seconds 20 seconds ago right off 20
seconds left in the back give me one
Antoniou anywhere the nose breaker ten
seconds ago
yeah
is going down he's going out of the ring
all sorts of mayhem falls on the oil
onion sauce alright take it out because
this is good oh yes he's cut one shines
come one from them half for your house
in a client's decision oh there's a
favor the squeaker season the winner two
to one and turn hey you did